---
layout: comeagain
index: 1
title: Untitled Entry
permalink: /come-again/1/
---

I have a pair of relatively normal hands, as with the rest of myself. But there are two extraordinary things about them. Maybe extraordinary is not the word. I think it is more, like, 'unique'. The first is that they are either very wet or very dry because I have palmar hyperhydrosis. The second is that they do not close properly. My middle fingers curve to the ring finger by about 10 degrees. But if I use my other hand to hold it in place, the knuckles on my middle finger can become approximately colinear. In fact, my index finger also tends to the middle finger, but not by such a large extent. My ring and pinky fingers, on the other hand, bend towards the middle finger. This creates a straight hollowness between my middle and ring fingers. Lastly, my thumb also bends away from the rest of the palm. 

Over dinner the other day, my friend commented on my fingers. I realised that this is one of the few unconventional traits about myself that I actually appreciate. That the bones in my middle finger knuckle can be shifted to be straight, and that there is a weird gap between my middle and ring fingers. 

The caveat: there is a callus on below the nail of my right middle finger, where a pen would rest when I am writing. I believe this is due to having to write a lot since I was young. Sometimes it feels like there is tissue underneath the rough patch. It looks quite deformed. It feels like sand and squelches when I use my thumb nail to pinch the flesh there.