---
layout: comeagain
index: 2
title: A story
permalink: /come-again/2/
---

If you looked at yourself long enough, you'll really fall in love with yourself. It's true. This is the story of Frank Li, who fell in love with himself after staring at his own reflection in the mirror every day. 

Frank Li wakes up in the morning and goes to the bathroom. This is his favourite activity when starting the day, because it means he gets to admire his face in the mirror. He loves to clean his mirror, and when the water stains clear off and the glass is unmarred, the beauty of his face really shines through. When he runs wet fingers through his morning hair, it looks really exceptional. "How can I continue looking this fabulous throughout the day?" Thinks Frank Li as he brushes his impeccable teeth. Even when he has a toothbrush stuck into his mouth, this man still looks so stunning, or at least those are the thoughts running through his head.

After the most enjoyable activity of the morning is complete, Frank Li goes to school. To be frank, it is easy for Frank Li to make eye contact with people in his class. Many people become discomforted by his intense, passionate stare. Everyone who meets Frank Li and converses with him for an extended period of time would feel shy. But what they don't know is that he is actually just making intense eye contact with his reflection in their eyeballs. "I am truly Aphrodite's male reincarnation..!" Thinks Frank Li, as he stares at a rando while she talked on and on. The Rando feels really special, because a relatively good looking boy was staring at her with such a fiery look in his eyes. Oh, I am in love! Thinks the poor girl. She wants to get into his heart, but Frank Li's heart only had room for his own image.

Frankly, Frank Li does not have the most perfect face. It is slightly asymmetrical because one eye is bigger than the other. But that's okay, because Frank Li was also an artist, and he thinks there is beauty in imperfection. It is precisely because of that little blemish, that he is so perfect. Frank Li takes every opportunity throughout the day to admire his own face. If you asked him what is something he would like to do but knows he could never do, is to experience interacting with himself as another person. It is his dream to see Frank Li's face, not through an imaging surface, but really see it in real life. To be able to reach out to his own face and caress it - or not, because his face must remain smooth and free of pimples, and the hands of a normie commoner like you would only give him a breakout. 

Ahh, Frank Li. Frank Li! Frank Li... Frank Li, Frank, Li, Frank Li?