---
layout: comeagain
index: 3
title: Tips & Tricks
permalink: /come-again/3/
---

A lot of you readers probably don't know this, or haven't noticed it yet, but there are actually two people living inside of you. they are battling for dominance when you make decisions! Like when you brush your teeth in the morning, The Good One (Let's call it Nurse), will tell you to be thorough and brush your teeth up and down so you don't hurt your gums. But The Not Good One (this one we can call it Naughty) would probably throw a tantrum and coerce you to just get it over with so you could eat breakfast already. And because Naughty is such a rambunctious tantrum-thrower, the angelic Nurse would have no choice but to submit to Naughty unless you intervene. Today shall you take charge and brush your teeth the correct way? Or do you feel naughty today and want to be lazy? 

Well, let me tell you the story of when I was at the dentist in grade school. I was a very naughty kid. You know all children hate obeying their parents, so when my dad told me to brush my teeth thoroughly, I disobeyed like any other child, except I got punished. So I had no choice but to comply. But in reality I brushed my teeth with the most stupid ways I could think of to avoid actually brushing it for real. Looking back now, I really regret it. I was sent to the dentist every few months, because unfortunately, I also had an untameable sweet tooth. So the dentist told me I have clearly not been brushing my teeth properly. This caused my dad to break out into a fit of anger. 